hello we respect visitor buyers
store season 7
Today we will have a small video on
about such a timer for water with us
there is a great video on
With the review of such a timer now will be
link by which it will be possible
look here so what are these two
the timer is different visually they
absolutely identical different
manufacturers
but the difference in them actually is
the differences are pretty serious nowhere in
descriptions even in the instructions
the manufacturer does not indicate this
you need to be very careful when
acquisition so really
serious difference
you can only see it
more precisely you can just look here
here here we see the ball mechanism
here but such a mechanism is not visible if
including this timer we hear the sound and
see pivot turning
opening balls mechanism here we are
hear just click here not mistaken
here solenoid type types worth
valve what does this mean for us on
practice practice this means that
this ball timer will be
work at the very words of water pressure
with gravity systems such as
drip irrigation if we stand there
a barrel some kind of the same valve will
work only with appreciable pressure
water
just yesterday, we specifically went to
Dacha checked costs a large capacity
put on again short meters above the ground
that is, a set of it goes
have the weakest but timer water
no cameras open but no water comes out
if you connect connect pressure
already
for example from the crane from the trunk
If the timer is running water at least for a start
so far about our tagged the nicest but
still he has a timer too
work out so again I draw
attention is the main difference in what
Valve type ball valve works with
any pressure such valve and we don't
see the ball only works with tangible
water pressure
again unfortunately no data
Flint to the manufacturer not at the supplier
there is no reason to even turn
note that the instructions are labeled as such
the connector that comes bundled does not go to
photos have a connector this is needed for
in order to plug in water
this type of connection is universal
study can also be used for
both valves i will be timers can
take advantage of this
Universal there are Christmas trees which
allow for different different diameter
hose connect about
universal connectors we have
great video you can watch on our
site 8 season dot ru
in the irrigation and irrigation section there
great video which tells what
it's like using it
how convenient and cool thing is
choose to do well thought out
the choice
further purchases